Let's make sure we use the data off de-selected training as we're storing it in the training service
in our current training component.
So we select the training and store it and running exercise.
We do this year.
We actually even emit an event whenever we choose a new training.
Now we need to use that information in the current training component.
Keep in mind we'll load the current training component whenever we start a new training.
So how do we extract that data.
And they're now in the current training component.
I first of all want to inject the training service.
So besides injecting the mat dialogue thing here also inject private training service of type training
service and that of course is something which you all need to add here as an import training service
from the training service file.
Once you did at this and we therefore injected it here we can initialize our component with the selected
training.
So what does this mean.
This means that here in central Well these steps by which we want to increment this actually you should
depend on the duration of the selected training.
It might also make sense to outputs the name of the current training.
So here right now we only output a motivation in that phrase and the progress of course we could also
put the name of the selected exercise.
So let's start with the steps here and start or reassumed timer.
I need access to the selective training in training service.
I currently Hightower's as a private property so I should add a Meffert get running exercise where I
return a new object which simply is a copy of this running exercise again to make sure I can't mutate
this from outside of the service.
Now I can call get running exercise to get data about the running exercise and it will do so in start
or resume timer in there.
I need to calculate a step.
Let's say we want to increment progress by one and not by five.
This means we need 100 steps to get to 100 percent.
And does this set in stone because the Met progress spinner works in a way that it goes from 0 to 100.
What we can change is how quickly it updates from one progress step to the next so step doesn't necessarily
have to be one second.
If our training takes 40 seconds one step should be 100 divided by 30 or actually since this is in milliseconds
100 divided by 30 times 1000.
So if our duration of the exercise is 30 then we want to execute this process 100 divided by 30 times
we're actually since this is milliseconds it's 100 divided by 30 times 1000.
In other words a step can be taken from the training service and there from the running exercise by
accessing the duration of that exercise and dividing it by 100 because 100 is our fixed maximum percentage
since we have multi seconds we multiply this with 1000.
And now we get the step value.
So now I can use Stapp instead of 1000 to have a duration a progress spinner that takes the duration
off the exercise into account let's try it out.
Let's go back to the running application quickly log in with some random data.
Select the exercise like trenches and click start.
And now you see it updates like this.
If I hit stop here and quit and I select a different exercise.
It's now way slower because touch chose which I select the tear.
If you have a look at the trading service actually have a much longer duration.
These are free minutes instead of 30 seconds.
So this is working now.
What I also need to ensure is that when we stop the training or when it finishes naturally that we also
communicate that to the training service and store the exercise there either as cancelled or as successfully
completed.
This is something we'll turn our heads to in the next lecture.